Hey Guys,
this is lecture 47 installing Seaborn.
So in this lecture we are just going to go
over very briefly how to install Seaborn.
So Seaborn you can just click the link
to the IPython Notebook viewer.
It will have this link on it,
stanford.edu.
It will take you to this Seaborn page,
so just install and get it.
You can just use pip install for Seaborn.
The dependencies are nunpi,
saipai, matpot, and pandas.
You should already have
those because of all
of the other installations
we have done in the past.
It has recommended dependencies.
You might not have downloaded those yet.
That's gonna be stats, models and patsy.
So you can go ahead and
pip install those and you can
also do a Conda install if you ended up
downloading the Anaconda distribution.
Seaborn is a really,
really great visualization library for
statistical data sets.
Here's just the example gallery off
their website and we're gonna learn
how to make a lot of these types
of plots for analyzing our data.
Another nice thing about Seaborn is you
can choose different color pallets,
has a lot of options for you, and
it even has color blind options
in case you're color blind so
you can explore that as well.
But as far as installing Seaborn,
it should just be simple,
either a pip install and then Seaborn, or
Conda install Seaborn if you
downloaded the anaconda distribution.
All right, that's about it go ahead and
install Seaborn, and
we will get started how to visualize
our data in the next lecture.
I'll see you there.